Update rules.md, options.md and plugins.md (#7896)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/developer-guide/rules.md

};
```

Pass `fix` callback to the [`report` utility](./plugins.md#stylelintutilsreport):

```diff js
function rule(primary, secondary) {
  return (root, result) => {
    /* .. */

+   const fix = () => { /* put your mutations here */ };

    report({
      result,
      ruleName,
      message,
      node,
+     fix
    });
  };
}
```

### Context

`context` is an object which could have three properties:

- `configurationComment`(string): String that prefixes configuration comments like `/* stylelint-disable */`.
- `fix`(boolean): If `true`, your rule can apply autofixes.
- `newline`(string): Line-ending used in current linted file.

> [!WARNING]

> > The `fix` boolean is deprecated in favour of the `fix` callback which properly handles [configuration comments](../user-guide/ignore-code.md#parts-of-a-file).

Author: ```suggestion
> The convention of restricting the appliance of fixes based on the `context.fix` property is deprecated in favour of recommending the `fix` callback which properly handles [configuration comments](../user-guide/ignore-code.md#parts-of-a-file).
```
